all right chef Bucky and today we're
cooking us up some shrimp linguini now
I'm gonna put broccoli in mine but don't
you be put off by that cuz you ain't
gotta put broccoli in yours you know
this recipe is easy peasy lemon squeezy
now we want to start off by getting our
pasta water going I like to put a little
olive oil and salt in my water and I'm
going to use about half a box and
linguini and this recipe is going to
serve two people now while my pasta is
cooking up I'm going to get my skillet
going on medium heat I'm going to throw
in about two tablespoons of olive oil
and I'm going to use a half a stick of
butter for this recipe but I'm gonna
just start off using half of that get
that melted in with the oil that way
your butter won't burn once that's
melted I'm going to throw in my garlic
and my onion which I got chopped pretty
fine the first thing that's going to go
in is the garlic and I'm going to let
that cook all on its lonesome for about
a minute push it around in the pan get
that flavor going then I'm going to toss
in my onion let those to play around you
know cook it up for another two or three
minutes something like that and don't be
afraid to add a little more olive oil
and butter if you need it because that's
going to end up being the dressing for
your pasta now if you need to you can go
ahead and adjust the heat a little
higher or lower because you want to make
sure and you don't burn that garlic or
your butter or anything we're going to
go ahead and throw in our broccoli
florets and I just use the florets I
don't use no big chunk chunk broccoli
and you don't have to use broccoli you
know you can substitute some chopped
parsley later when you throw in the
shrimp you know if you're an anti
broccoli person but I like to do the
broccoli because that way I don't have
to fool with no salad you don't turn to
my pasta dish into a complete meal you
know then I just need some garlic bread
and that's it I'm good to go so after a
few minutes it'll be time to throw the
shrimp in there I got them cleaned in
the vein I think I'm using just a little
less than a pound this time I don't have
no tails shells nothing on there got
them good to go ready to gobble down now
they're going to cook pretty fast when
they're pink they're done you don't want
to overcook them so keep an eye on your
pasta and be ready to go when that's
ready
just put your pan over by your skillet
and throw it in your dish don't strain
it don't drain it you know you don't
want to wash your pasta you don't want
to wash away all that flavor because
just gonna make your dish that much more
delicious now if you got any of that
butter left over now it's the time to
add it go ahead and mix it in get all
that buttery flavor over there if you
want to throw a little more olive oil in
there go ahead but you can also put some
pasta water in there you know if you've
never done that definitely give it a go
you're one of these people that likes to
strain and wash your pasta after cooks
you'll just forget about that forget it
pretend it never happened that's in the
past that's the old you that's not the
new you go ahead and throw some extra
pasta water in there embrace the pasta
water it's going to make your dish that
much tastier and delicious and then
that's it you'll finish you know you
don't want to overcook your shrimp or
your pasta make your broccoli mushy so
get it off the heat cuz it's time to eat
well so now the hard part comes because
you got to plate it up you know you've
got to divide it now you've got to
decide are you going to give yourself
more shrimp or you're going to divide
them evenly are you going to be a good
person and maybe give your dining
partner more shrimp that's a moral
dilemma and that's your problem
then we have Palmer going to eat ma'am
what I'm doing
it you like some Parmesan cheese on
here under whatever the hell okay
Bon Appetit come pop up on my plane